<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>

<p>Last updated: August 20, 2020</p>

<p>This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.</p>

<h1>Interpretation and Definitions</h1>
<h2>Interpretation</h2>
<p>The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions.</p>
<p>The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.</p>

<h2>Definitions</h2>
<p>For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:</p>
<ul>
    <li>
        <p><strong>You</strong> means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.</p>
          </li>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Company</strong> (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to B-Storm.</p>
          </li>
      <li><strong>Affiliate</strong> means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.</li>
    <li><strong>Account</strong> means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.</li>
  <li><strong>Website</strong> refers to  https://github.com/BTY2468/Privacy_policy</li>        <li><strong>Service</strong> refers to the Website.</li>
      <li><strong>Country</strong> refers to: United Kingdom</li>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Service Provider</strong> means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.</p>
          </li>
    <li><strong>Third-party Social Media Service</strong> refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.</li>
      <li>
        <p><strong>Personal Data</strong> is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.</p>
                </li>
  <li><strong>Cookies</strong> are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.</li>  <li><strong>Device</strong> means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.</li>
    <li><strong>Usage Data</strong> refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</li>
      </ul>

<h1>Collecting and Using Your Personal Data</h1>
<h2>Types of Data Collected: None.</h2>

<h3>Personal Data</h3>
<p>While using Our Service, We DO NOT ask You to provide Us with any personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.</p>

<h2>Use of Your Personal Data</h2>
<p>N/A</p>

<p>We may share your personal information in the following situations:</p>
<p>N/A</p>

<h2>Retention of Your Personal Data</h2>
<p>N/A</p>

<h2>Transfer of Your Personal Data</h2>
<p>N/A</p>

<h2>Disclosure of Your Personal Data</h2>
<p>N/A</p>

<h2>Security of Your Personal Data</h2>
<p>N/A</p>

<h1>Changes to this Privacy Policy</h1>
<p>We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>
<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.</p>

<h1>Contact Us</h1>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:</p>
<ul>
          <li>By visiting this page on our website: https://github.com/BTY2468/Privacy_policy</li>
      </ul>
